feat(preferred): add `wrap-ansi` replacement to `fast-wrap-ansi` (#638)
es-tooling/module-replacements: docs/modules/wrap-ansi.md

---
description: Modern replacement for the wrap-ansi package for wrapping terminal strings (including ANSI-colored output)
---

# Replacements for `wrap-ansi`

## `fast-wrap-ansi`

> [`fast-wrap-ansi`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/fast-wrap-ansi) is a focused replacement for `wrap-ansi` that preserves the same usage pattern while reducing dependency overhead.

Reviewer: This should link to github

```suggestion
[`fast-wrap-ansi`](https://github.com/43081j/fast-wrap-ansi) is a focused replacement for `wrap-ansi` that preserves the same usage pattern while reducing dependency overhead.
```

> For most codebases, this is a direct import swap and works with the same common options:

Reviewer: I would keep it simple similar to https://e18e.dev/docs/replacements/string-width

```suggestion
[`fast-wrap-ansi`](https://github.com/43081j/fast-wrap-ansi) is a drop‑in replacement for `wrap-ansi` that’s faster and smaller.
```
